Fix a bug where Swarm<T>.BootstrapAsync had reported invalid timeout (#716)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>` had infinitely repeated failed requests.
    [[#709]]
 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>` hadn't stopped properly.  [[#709]]

>  -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>.BootstrapAsync()` had reported invalid timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>.BootstrapAsync()` had stopped due to trivial
```

>     [[#715], [#716]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (recoverable) `TimeoutException`s.  [[#715], [#716]]
```
